I've been marketing for 13 years I built
and sold nine companies I sold my last
company for $ 46.2 million to American
Pacific group I've also written two
books on marketing that have sold over a
million copies here's 13 years of
marketing advice that will make you more
money piece of advice number one start
with low prices or even gasp free the
reason that I say that is because if you
start there then you can go up it's very
difficult to come down and in the
beginning you want to get flow through
the system and so it's totally fine to
start it free and then start bumping up
from there and so I'll give you three
quick examples and then I'll show you
how to do this tactically so when I
started my first ever business it was a
online personal training business since
this 13 plus years ago and when I
started I didn't know anything and I was
so afraid to charge people money to
begin with and so but I did want them to
pay something because I wanted them to
be invested because otherwise people
don't follow through with their workouts
or their nutrition plans Etc and so I
said hey just donate to the charity of
your choice whatever charity you want to
in exchange I will then train you for 12
weeks and so people would uh donate I
think it was $500 or $1,000 was their
choice to a charity of their selection
and by doing that I actually got my
first 13 or so customers just by making
posts and dming people that I knew and
it didn't feel weird because I was like
hey I'm doing this kind of nonprofit
thing I want to help you out if you want
to lose weight and you can feel good
about it and it's a write- off and so we
were like oh this is pretty cool but the
thing is is like that was the first time
I ever did it and then from there I said
huh would you guys be willing to pay me
now after we finish this 12 weeks and a
lot of them were like sure I was like
yeah I'm the charity now uh so after I
did a good job they were willing to do
that and refer me customers the next
business that I did this with was gym
launch when I actually started uh flying
out to other gyms so I used to do
turnarounds and I did that for two plus
years so I'd fly out to a gym set up all
the pricing do the marketing all that
stuff and I did it all for free and I
did it that way because I didn't know
how I could sell those gym owners and
what I the deal that I made was I only
make money if I make sales and I'll
front the cash for the marketing so like
they took zero risk on and I would do
everything including pay for my hotel My
Flights my my my food my rental car
everything and but being able to do that
it allowed me to get way more yeses
quickly test out the system in 30 plus
markets that I had which then eventually
led me to licensing that system to 5,000
Plus locations and that was the company
that I that I sold to APG the third uh
time that I did this was when I started
my software company Allen and so when I
started the company I was like I need to
get some case studies I need some
testimonials I need some I need some
stories to show successes right and so I
think a lot of people in the beginning
think this is only a beginner thing but
even if you're a big business business
owner when you start out a new product
or a new division um starting with free
customers just makes a lot of sense and
it's for four reasons one is that free
customers become customers you become
paying after the period as long as you
do a good job so it makes money in one
way the second way it makes you money is
that they'll also refer your customers
because if you do a great job they'll
just send you other people and that can
be contingent on why you do it for free
for them the third is that they'll leave
you testimonials and reviews so those
reviews and those testimonials also you
advertise and you can get more customers
from them and then finally when whenever
you do stuff for free I do it in
exchange for feedback I say hey tell me
what I could do to make this better and
again it's not saying like tell me all
the ways I suck it's just saying tell me
how I can make this better tell me how I
could make it worth it for you to want
to stay and continue to pay and ideally
the easy test of knowing whether or not
this works is that they actually stay
and pay afterwards and so it's the
easiest way to get going on any new
product and I think so many people start
trying to sell stuff too soon without
enough proof and in the beginning you
suck that's why it's a new product
you're new Division and so I'd rather
not ruin my reputation say I'm giving
away for free give the reason is I'm
brand new at this thing or I'm trying
this new thing out and that way I'll get
a little bit of Grace and then that way
I can make the thing better in iterative
process much faster with way more people
because I'm giving away for free or at
cost and then once I get those massive
success stories that they feel like they
owe me because I've done a great job
then I can Market those and go at full
price so here's how you actually do this
tactically going from starting at low
prices to moving all the way to where
you want to be which is high prices with
big premiums right and so what I'd say
is after you have your first test case
study batch so call it 10 or 20 people
depending on the size of your product or
your services after that every five I
just go up by 20% and so let's say okay
I started at zero and I have a marketing
agency I might say okay the first the
next five I'm going to do for a th000
bucks right and then from there I might
say okay the next five I'm going to do
for 1,200 bucks the next five I'm going
to do for 1,500 bucks and you just keep
going up by 20% until the conversion
rate times the price goes down so that
way you can just calculate the total
amount of money made off of X number of
sales calls and by doing that you'll be
able to see okay here's the sweet spot
where I sell the most amount of units at
The Highest Potential price so my
company gym launch that I sold for $46
million that company you know at its
peak before I was selling it we were
taking home over a million dollars a
month in personal income but that's what
a lot of people think happened the whole
time but it wasn't like that the actual
very first business that I started in
Fitness I actually gave away my services
for free I actually did it as a
nonprofit for Chari so that I could get
clients in the door and test out whether
my stuff actually worked and that I
could deliver services and when you're
having the conversation with those first
few people whether you're doing it for
free or you're going to do it for a big
discount you say hey I plan on going to
this price point but I'm willing to do
it for free in exchange for X which is
usually a feedback feedback for me and a
public testimony if you're comfortable
doing it and by having those two things
then one you guarantee that you get the
feedback which is the thing you need
most but you also can get the testimon
that you can leverage and then finally
you can also tack on a referral if you
want to again I'd say the testimony and
the referral should be contingent on you
doing a good job and you say hey if I do
a good job would you be willing to do
these two things if they say yes then
you're good to go the fourth one which
is do they actually want to buy at full
price later which will be the real test
of how good you were and I think the
bottom line here is that when you start
out you're not that good and even if
your ego is like kind of convincing you
that you are good which I think is silly
just even imagine two years from now
that you're going to be much better than
you are now well that guy is probably
way more experienced so give that guy a
running start by starting free now and
then building momentum into it and I
have this saying that I I repeat all the
time in my team which is create flow
monetize flow then add friction and so
it's like you have to run water through
the machine you have to get flow into
the system to see where it's going to
break so that you know what real
actually looks like rather than just
trying to get rich on Excel the second
is the framework that I use for scaling
advertising or scaling Marketing in any
Niche more
better new when you're starting out more
is almost always the answer and so I
remember when I was uh thinking about
getting into content I uh I paid someone
who had made you know a lot more content
had a much bigger brand and I said hey
um what should I be doing I like what
should I do to make my content better
and he's like dude he's like you don't
need make your content better he's like
you're just not making anything and so
what he did was he pulled up his profile
on LinkedIn and he pulled up my profile
on LinkedIn he was like I posted five
times a day you haven't even posted and
then you pulled up Instagram and he
pulled at my Instagram and he's like I
posted two times a day you posted once a
week I was like man he's like okay let's
pull up YouTube and then my YouTube and
he just went platform by platform and he
showed that he was doing 3x 5x 10x the
volume that I was and he was like dude
you just got to do more and that was
just like like I felt embarrassed
because I just paid all this money to
have someone just look at me and just
say do more but hopefully I can save you
the money and just tell you you probably
need to do more and the interesting
thing about this is that I later on had
um like at the point now when we had
maybe this is be a year ago I had
fiveish million subscribers across all
platforms I had a friend of mine who's a
billionaire who wanted to start getting
into personal branding and he said hey
man can you check out my Instagram and
see what's you know going on and why why
we're not growing as fast as I want to
and so I said well before I look at it I
was like how many posts a week are you
making across all platforms he's like oh
got that nailed he's like I'm posting
once a day and I was like dude I was
like we post 50 plus times a day and he
was like got it he just was like you
don't need to say anymore I understand
because he had had enough experience in
other Realms to know that like oh all of
the things in volume that that that work
in sales that work in customer success
that work in product in terms iterations
the same Concepts apply to advertising
and marketing like you just need to do a
lot in order to figure out what works so
that you can do better later now what's
interesting about this is that this also
applies on the paid side so I remember
there was a chiropractor chiropractor
agency that approached me they were
doing about 2 million bucks a year and
he was like hey man I think I've
saturated Facebook and I was like and
this is when it was Facebook not meta
and I was like what do you mean he's
like I just think I've saturated the
chiropractor Niche and I was like this
is a 10 billion doll year industry and
you feel like your $2 million per year
agency has saturated Facebook I like how
many I was like do you know of any of
chiropractor agencies that exist he's
like yeah there's loads it's like you
know there's hundreds of them I was like
okay so explain to me why every sale
that is keeping all of them in business
is somehow not sales that you should be
making he was like got it I was like
right you're spending 40 Grand a month
when in aggregate all the agencies that
are selling to chiropractors are
probably spending 4 million a month and
so all of the spend that those
businesses are able to make in your
Market is your opportunity is if you can
outcompete them you can provide better
service you can have longer LTV means
you can spend more to acquire the
customer than they can and then you can
eventually price them out of the
marketplace because fundamentally paid
ads is actually an auction for attention
and so people bid against each other for
ad space and so if you can out bid your
competition you can have ethical
Monopoly by literally bidding more than
everyone else while still making money
and that's the crazy thing and that's
what fundamentally what you want to
build in terms of the mous trrap of your
businesses how can I make more money
from every customer than anyone else
does so that I can spend more than
anyone else can to acquire them and so I
had a I had a portfolio company uh CEO
who's a good marketer you know come up
to me and he was like hey man I think we
really need to scale our ads and I was
like I
agree um and I was like well how many
how many pieces of creative are you
putting out you know per week and he's
like oh um well I just record once a
month I was like okay fine then how many
ads are you making per session he was
like uh we do about 15 so we do about 15
new ads per month and I just kind of
looked at him I was like dude when I was
trying to go from your size to five
times your size I was making 35 a week
and like nowadays we make way more than
that in terms of content and in terms of
the ads that we do like because I make
ads for school and then I inform the ads
across our portfolio and so the big
saying that I have that's like plastered
on the wall that actually applies to
sales and marketing is volume volume
negates luck like if you don't want to
rely on luck and rely on one of those 10
ads or five ads that you make to be
amazing you just make more ads and I I
can't tell you the amount of times that
it just reset the bar and that's what
I'm hoping to do with this video is like
the amount of volume that the people who
are ahead of you are doing is is not 2x
or 3x more it's often times 100x more
right even the the 35 time uh 4 I think
140 pieces the guy was making 15 it was
9x the volume of what he was doing
right and some of you guys are making
five ads a month or one ad a month and
thinking that that's somehow going to be
sufficient to get to your goals and
nowadays and I'll explain later in this
help my whole ad creation process but
just the big headline is that in the
very beginning you just need to do a lot
more than you think you do the second is
once you've done more then at what point
do you start shifting to better and the
way that you can figure that out is when
the return on effort for better exceeds
one incremental unit of more meaning if
I've got one sales guy if I add a second
sales guy then I think I have a high
degree of certainty that I can probably
double my sales by doing that but when
you have 10 sales guys adding one more
sales guys is the same level of effort
as adding going from 1 to two going from
10 to 11 but it's only a 10% increase
and so if I can increase the overall
throughput of my entire team by 20% or
25% by tweaking some sharp rate stuff or
doing a headline split test or or
changing ctas on my ads then those are
things that would make me more money
money per unit of effort and so in the
beginning you usually just need to blow
as much volume through there as possible
that's the create flow monetize flow
then net friction the the optimization
steps really only matter when you have
flow going through and so you do more
first and then once you're big enough
better becomes a better return on effort
but once you then go through the better
steps then you usually have to go back
to okay how do we do 10 times more than
we are now how do we go from 10 sales
guys to 100 sales guys and that's the
thinking that you have to go through in
order to start scaling in terms of
orders of magnitude and when you have so
much volume you're able to iterate so
much faster like even us recently we
started making uh more content on
YouTube and we already noticed as a team
we were like oh this is awesome we're
learning so much faster again with like
we're literally putting out four five
videos a week instead of one video a
week and so we're learning about
headlines and thumbnails and there's
less pressure per video because we're
like cool learn that let's move on to
the next one and so it allows you to
just iterate so much faster without
getting your ego and your emotions you
know tied into it here's how I do it
is I ask the question what would stop me
from 10 Xing the business right now and
if the answer is nothing then we 10x the
business now most times there is
something that would break like what
would break first and so as soon as we
identify what is the first thing that
would break if we 2x 5x 10x we then
isolate that thing put all of our Focus
towards fixing it and then we do the
increase in volume and that is how we
continue to DEC constrain until we go to
the next bottleneck and then DEC
constrain that and then grow into the
next bottleneck because we have a
fundamental belief that all businesses
will continue to grow until their point
of constraint and then they will grow no
further so you identify the constraint
relieve the constraint and allow it to
grow again growth occurs as an after
effect of the inputs you put into the
system now once you've done as much as
you can more and you've done it as well
as you can better when you can't do any
more any better you start and trying
something new and the thing that the
reason that I have new last is because
the cost of change of doing something
new is guaranteed but the return on
something new is not and so I like to
say that is a big warning for the fact
that the vast majority of entrepreneurs
want to spend 80% of their time on doing
new stuff when really they should spend
90% of their time doing more and better
of what is already working for them the
only time you do new stuff is when
nothing is working so when you're
starting as an entrepreneur everything's
new and you keep trying and keep trying
until something works once it works you
have to unlearn the whole
experimentation idea and then you have
to go great I need to do as much as I
possibly can and do it as well as I
possibly can and so it's a different
mindset that you have to get into but
that's how you start scaling now what
point do you start doing something new
well if you've already said okay I can't
I can't do more for a very clear reason
or there's a big cost like sometimes
there's a huge incremental cost past a
certain barrier you're like okay I think
we really are you know let's say you're
a local a local gym all right if you're
a local gym and you're spending call it
$10,000 a month on ads you're reaching
every single person in your radius
multiple times a week and so that's on
one platform and so you're like okay in
order for me to scale this it's not
really about doing more or even doing
that better it's like I've saturated the
crap out of the eyeballs here well
that's when doing something new will
yield a higher return you get a better
return on effort and so that's where're
like okay maybe I'm going to start doing
an outbound or I'll start doing the paid
ads but just on another Channel I'll
start running YouTube ads I'll start
running Google search ads I'll start
running um I'll start running display
ads I'll start I'll start doing Direct
Mail pieces I'll start radio at like
there's a number of things you could do
in terms of other channels but they
would be new and so this is the thought
process that I have when I approach that
which is if you could double the sales
of your company and it would take a year
would you do it but you had to wait a
year before they doubled most people
would say yes if I said you had to
invest call it half a Year's profits in
order to getting your business to double
would you do it yes that'd probably be a
really good return on return on
investment if you put half years profits
and you double the business you're
getting a 200% return that's awesome
right and so the thing is is that people
start something new and they spend one
month of AD spend and they say H it
didn't work I lost money why like I'm
going to stop but the reality is that
it's going to take you 3 months 6 months
sometimes 12 months to get the that
return to actually pay off and what I
Mark is progress not the dollar so it's
like okay first are we getting clicks
okay we're getting clicks okay are we
getting optins okay we're getting optins
are the optins we're getting the right
type of people that we're looking for
okay yes or if they're not then we start
tweaking the messaging we start tweaking
the funnel until we get the right people
okay now we have the right people who
are opting in great now can we can we
get them on the phone can we get them in
person can we get them to show up to
some sort of conversion event some sales
event that we can then try and sell them
something right and so you keep walking
walking the dollar over the bridge until
eventually it comes to the other side
but that takes money and that takes time
and that takes learning but it's a
return on investment because if you do
double your lead flow in a
year one it doubles the business two it
more than doubles the value of the
business because now you have two
different ways to get customers and so
it makes the business more stable
because if one of them goes down then
you still have the other one and so you
have a more stable business that's also
bigger Market advice number three how to
do better and so this is double clicking
into the better concept because this is
especially for the bigger business
owners so if you're at a few million
dollars a year to tens of millions
dollars a year like this is really going
to start paying massive dividend so
number one is optimize front to back
when it comes to marketing so that's the
8020 so David oovi said famously after
you've ridden your headline you spent 80
cents of your advertising dollar so he
knew that 80% of people aren't going to
do anything past read the headline and
so he'd put 80% of his effort towards
those first few words and the Really
experienced marketers who are watching
this are like nodding their heads right
now the first 5 Seconds the headline the
packaging in my history of the 13 years
that I've been doing this has only
increased I haven't even gotten to a
sweet spot they just continue to become
more and more important in my mind
because it's the frame through which
everyone contextualizes what they're
about to consume so one it increases the
likely they consume it two it introduces
the frame that they consume the
advertisement or the promotion through
and like we now have such great data
even across on the content side that
like if we have two different thumbnails
you can literally see the average view
duration go up by two or three minutes
sometimes simply by changing the thumb
that people click before they watch the
video it's wild and so how people the
frame that people consume the content in
has a massive impact on how effective it
is now I'll tell you a quick story to
show you just how how important this is
so a friend of mine um Dean had this
massive advertising campaign and uh he
had written a new book and he went on a
Larry King live and so he wanted to use
the Larry King interview to uh advertise
the book and so he shot the whole
interview and he basically wanted uh
Larry King to introduce him in a cool
way to make him you know sound cool of
course you know and like he would laugh
if I was if I'm telling the story now um
and so he knew that the ad was killer
and so he ran it 250 Grand and nothing
came back and he was like what's going
on like I know this I know this ad's a
killer like what's happening so he went
back through his old history of ads and
he looked at the top performing ads he'd
ever done and as soon as he started
watching he realized that he missed the
hook that the hook was wrong and so he
flew Larry King back out they he paid
him again they set up a whole new set
again just to re-record the first 30
seconds and so they re-recorded the
first first 30 seconds with the hourlong
interview and then reran the infomercial
and did 100 million in sales and so when
I heard that story I was like this is
why that the first 5 Seconds the
headline The Hook is so important and
that's what I spend now a disproportion
of my time on and people are listening
to this and you guys are nodding along
but you're not you're still not getting
it because it's not real for you and it
took me forever to figure this out when
we make ads and I'll get in my ad
creation process later um you have like
I I I do 10 times the effort on the
first 5 Seconds 10 times actually 10
times so if I have an hour I would I
would spend 55 minutes on the first 5
seconds and then five minutes on
everything that's after that like that's
the proportion of how much time I'm
spending on just getting that first part
right I'll give you a Content example of
this so I was invited to this uh content
creator thing um with all the you know
top guys probably 10 guys there uh the
lowest guy in the room was me and the
next l guy was at like 10 million plus
subscribers only on YouTube so they just
had me there cuz for entertainment who
knows um and and I remember one of the
guys had about 15 million subscribers
and he was pissed that this other
content creator had basically copied his
video and and the copied video had done
better than his like three times more it
got like 30 million views and he got
like 10 million views and the main guy
there who had several hundred million uh
subscribers across all his channels was
like let's pop it in let's let's roast
it and so they press play on on the
video and 5 Seconds in he stops the
video he's like dude you didn't confirm
the thumb he's like the headline and the
first five seconds weren't confirmed and
he was like I don't need to see anymore
and he just walked out of the room and
so this guy had spent weeks you know
making this thing obsessing about every
detail of it he had a 20 Page Plus brief
on how he was making this video and he
missed the first 5 seconds and that was
the guy who had the multiple hundred
million uh subscribers was like that's
it and he just walked out and got lunch
and so when I saw that I was like wow
like it just reinfor fored how important
this was and recently just at a micro
level one of our portfolio companies
this is an 8 fig plus business um we
simply changed the headline on the
landing page like we did nothing else we
kep same ads just changed the headline
we increased booking rate by 62% now
here's what's crazy is the optin rate
remained the same but simply because of
the frame of the promise in the headline
62% more people chose to book calls for
that business and so it just shows you
that how you frame what people are then
going to consume has a massive impact on
how much value and How likely they are
to take the next step so here's how you
do it in terms of optimizing 8020 front
to back so number one is assume that
they have no idea who you are what you
do how it works they're in a rush and
they have a third grade education all
right so clear beats clever deletion
beats explanation and so what you want
to do is you want to try and make it as
short as humanly possible and then once
you have it as short as possible put
into a third grade reading calcul later
look at the grade level and keep editing
it down until it's third grade because
the thing is is you're not going to
attract Dumber people you're going to
make accessible to everyone a smart
person needs to use less brain power to
to understand simple language and it
makes it understandable to everyone else
and as a reminder 30% of people can
barely read and so this is like relying
on them to have this skill it's like you
want to meet them where they're at and
there are some very rich people who can
barely read and so it has nothing to do
with intelligence has everything to do
with how they're educated which has
which may have no no connection with
their purchasing
power okay and tactically what I'll do
is I probably I'd make about 50 hooks
every time I start recording ads so I
have 50 hooks that I've written down
that I think are awesome and then I have
three to five meat pieces of an
advertisement and then I do one to three
ctas meaning call to actions at the end
and so that means I have way more on the
front end in terms of effort compared to
the one the 3 to five and the 1 to three
that I do on the back and that's because
I know that that's where all of the
effort needs to go cuz that's where all
the returns are and here's the here's
the difference and this is why I say
from you optimize advertising
specifically from front to back because
it's very rare that you're going to be
able to double or triple or quadruple
the amount of throughput you get uh in a
funnel by optimizing the back end if you
have a you know a 30 you know call it a
call a 50% show up rate okay if you get
it to 75% that's massive but it's a 50%
jump and that would be a massive
increase in show rate if you did that
but I can absolutely get ctrs from 1% to
4% by just optimizing the hell out of
the front end and then that's a 4X
increase that's four times the
throughput that goes through the entire
funnel and so I put my effort there
because you can achieve 100% 200% 300%
increases on the front end oras it's
much more difficult on the back end now
for sure you want to optimize those
things but if I'm going to allocate my
effort I want to get the biggest bang
for buck so when you're making your
hooks I called a call out so I'm reading
page 136 from my
book a call out is whatever you do to
get the attention of your audience call
outs go from hypers specific to get one
person's attention to not at all
specific to get everyone's attention so
let me explain if someone drops a a tray
of dishes in a party everyone looks if a
child yells mom then the mom's look if
someone says your name only you look but
again they all get attention and so I
try to make my call outs as specific as
possible to get the right people but
broad enough to get as many of them as I
can so pay close attention to
advertisers use call outs especially the
ones targeting your audience and so what
I'll do is I'll look at all the ads from
other competitors who are targeting that
same audience as me and the ads that are
running a very long time I know that
that call is working well and so I will
write down all the call outs that I see
and then I will write out the words that
I know my customers go by and I'll
either start with a problem that I think
that they're struggling from or a
question that I think that I know that
they'll say yes to or I'll simply State
moms in Nevada homeowners in Clark
County right very clearly calling out
this is for you and that's exactly what
you want the person to say when they
read the headline or hear the call out
this is for me and the more specific you
get often times you'll be surprised you
think that going as broad as you can is
going to increase the number of optins
but when you get really specific about
the type of customer you're really
trying to attract you will often find
that they're like oh I wouldn't have
responded to the broad thing but this
one's just for me and you get more
people in terms of qualified leads in
the door by being more specific piece of
advice number four LTV to CAC is the
only thing that matters and if I had
only one metric that I could find out
about a business if I only had one that
I could pick it would be the LTV to CAC
ratio and let me tell you quick story
that kind of drive this home so uh a
friend of mine owns a bow manufacturing
business and they do you know 23 million
bucks a year so relatively large
business established and he was like hey
uh we're trying to get into PID ads now
they had all these distribution
relationship but they want to open up
this new channel and he says hey you're
the you know you're the marketing guy
right so can you you know what would you
do here and so as I was explaining the
the process that I that the strategy I
want to outline for him he was like well
what's the Benchmark I should be looking
at in terms of leads and I was like dude
The Benchmark is irrelevant it
everything just comes back from what's
gross profit so it's like okay so what's
the average gross profit on a bow I'm
making this up say it's $500 okay so if
we get leads for call it 20 bucks and we
know that we can get one in five leads
to buy a bow then it means it cost us
our CAC is $100 and our gross profit
from selling each bow is $500 so it cost
us $100 to make $500 a gross profit 5 to
one awesome and so fundamentally is $20
a good lead cost well yeah he's getting
5 to1 if it was at $10 uh then he you'd
be getting 10 to one and that's assuming
the same ratios and so it just depends
on what percentage of customers you
convert and at what price point you're
converting them at CA to LTV or CAC to
LT GP so I use ltp to be more specific
lifetime value is just the amount of
gross profit you make from a customer
over the lifetime of them being a
customer of your business CAC is the
cost to require a customer which is the
all-in cost including sales marketing
software everything to get someone to
give you money and so the cact TV ratio
is simply how much money it costs you to
make more money it's the foundational
economic unit of any business and so
making sure that you know how much money
it costs you to make money that
fundamentally feels like a very
important metric in order to scale the
business and over time as long as you
don't have uh some big Capital expenses
in terms of scaling your business that
fundamental return that you get will
reflect the compounding growth of the
business provided you don't have other
constraints to growth so for example if
I have meals that I sell for $10 and it
cost me $9 to package and ship them and
deliver for them then I have $1 of gross
profit per meal and so if someone buys
10 meals for me I'm not making $100 I'm
making $10 in gross profit and if the
average person buys call it five weeks
of meals then I would make $50 in
lifetime gross profit and so the only
way that I would want to be able to
acquire customers is that the cost to
acquire customer in this example I'd
want to have probably at $15 or less
because you can't do it at even because
then there's no money left over to do
everything else in the business and so
the rule of thumb is that you want have
at least 3 to one on LTV to CAC but
again LTV is not lifetime Revenue it's
lifetime gross profit right and that's
what people I think a lot of times mess
up is they don't even know what their
gross profit is and then they spend
blindly so I'll tell you a fun one so if
you've seen Starbucks advertise now a
lot of them they just use their
storefronts as they're advertising at
this point but they make about
$14,000 in LTV per customer and so they
can spend absurd amounts of money to get
customers in the door like even if it
cost them $500 they're still making 28
to1
on the money they put in and that is why
that company's been able to scale to the
Moon in terms of the number of locations
and so I will say that the all the money
that I've made in my life that has been
the crazy money has come from crazy LTV
to CAC ratios and so the smallest ratios
that I've made crazy money on is 30 to1
all the way up to 100 to1 to 200 to1
returns in some of the businesses I have
and so those those windows don't stay
forever and when you do have one of
those you just want to dump as much
money into that machine as you possibly
can because a lot of wealth is made in
very short punctuated periods and then
sustained by long periods of Maintenance
where you're getting 5 to1 8 to1 10: one
those are fine numbers but most of the
time when you're at 10 to1 as soon as
you start scaling it it might drop to 5
to1 and so I actually end up seeing the
bigger the ratio is at the beginning the
more indication it is that I can scale
profitably because if I'm let's say
spending you know $1,000 a day and I can
get 100 to1 then I know that I'm
probably going to be able to get to
$100,000 a day and get five to one right
and so that's the idea is like how can I
how can I scale this up and I care about
absolute return not relative return but
the CAC to LTV ratio gives me an
indication how much room I have to blow
this thing out of the water the easiest
way to calculate what your lifetime
gross profit is is look at all the
customers that you sold over the last
year look at gross profit and if you
don't know what gross profit is it's
just the cost of good so basically the
price you charge minus the cost of goods
sold which is whether it's if it's
Services then it's the labor that used
to provide the service if it's a widget
then it's the cost of the widget and the
shipping associated with it so the cost
of good sold minus the revenue and that
left over is the gross profit and so you
say okay I had 100 customers this year I
made this total amount of gross profit
this year you divide that amount of
gross profit by the total of number of
customers that'll give you a broad brush
stroke of what you make per customer now
that'll always underestimate it
especially if you have a recurring
Revenue business because they're going
to hopefully have some people who buy
again and again over time but I would
always rather be on the safer side and
underestimate my lifetime gross profit
or time value rather than overestimate
and potentially lose money if I want to
then take that number and say okay well
what am I willing to spend per customer
then at most you want to have a third of
that number but for me specifically I
want to make sure that whatever I
collect in the first 30 days I want to
make sure that I collect that back from
customers so if I'm s let's say I sell
something for 10 bucks a month people
stay for 10 months and there's 100%
gross margins to make this simple so I
make a 100 bucks in gross profit I want
to see if I can find a way to make $10
back
or get my CAC back in that first 30 days
and so sometimes it means having a
one-time upcharge up front so they can
offset the cost of acquisition so then
the remainder of the customer
relationship can be profitable and if
these Concepts about scaling like LTV
toac are interesting to you we just
opened up a new workshops division at
acquisition. comom for companies that
were not invested in if you like us and
my team to help you personalize kind of
applying this stuff to your business you
can go to acquisition. comom click the
scale button and you can see if your
business qualifies otherwise back to the
video piece of advice number five my ad
creation process so I've been running
ads for 13 years and I'm saying when I
say running ads I mean like I've been
making ads or directly influencing ads
that have been run across my portfolio
or companies that I directly owned or
founded for 13 straight years and so I
have this process pretty nailed and I
haven't really ever gotten too far away
from it partially because I like it a
lot um and I've gotten just pretty good
at it and so this is how I do it so
number one is that at all times I'm
collecting data what I mean by that is
like if see ads on Instagram I see ads
on YouTube like I have no Premium
Accounts on any platform because I want
to hear the ads I want to hear the hooks
I want to hear what they're doing to
draw attention and I like using that
stuff because I'm also a business owner
so the people who advertise to me are
the people that are going to try and
hook my attention and so I can still use
that stuff to get to my avatar and so if
you are your avatar the ads count double
for you and so I I I screenshot I record
the stuff that I find interesting and I
add it into one folder then when I get
to my ad creation process which is I do
once a week I then sit down down first
thing in the morning and I do these the
same day I record so that's just a piece
of advice that that has worked well for
me like cramming for the test I cram for
my ad sessions because then everything's
top of Mind as I go into the day and so
I pull up all my swipe files of all the
things that I want like my inspiration
from the second thing that I pull up is
all my historical best performing ads so
I look back one years two years three
years sometimes at all my best ads and I
drink those back in and I watch the
first 10 seconds watch the first 30
seconds you see okay how was I capturing
what was the angle what was the hook
here and then I start the actual hook
creation process now 40 of my 50 hooks
that I'm going to write out are going to
be stuff that is tried and true I'm not
going to try and reinvent the wheel
we've already spent zillions and
zillions of dollars I know that these
hooks these entrances work well now 20%
the last 10 is where I get to use all my
inspiration and other ideas to try and
experiment on but most people flip this
they try and do a little bit of the
stuff that worked and then they have
lots of new ideas I'm telling you I've
done this a long time it's way more
efficient to just do more of what worked
and then leave a little bit of
experimentation so that if some of those
things stop working over time you have
this fresh batch that you've been trying
out that then can become the control
that you try and beat so siding back to
the 8020 concept of you put 80% of your
effort into the hooks and 80% of your
effort goes into stuff that's tried and
true and 20% for the things that are new
all right so I make about 50 hooks so
80% of that is 40 Hooks and 20% of that
is 10 hooks so 40 out of my 50 hooks I
do for things that I already know have
worked in the past 10 hooks I save for
my new creative ideas is and so that's
for the inspiration stuff that I see or
anything that I come to that cram
session that I want to get out from
there I then have my three to five
angles that I'm going to write that's
going to be educational or some sort of
value uh that I'm going to deliver or
some sort of belief that I want to break
or some sort of list or steps or stories
that I want to tell as the core me to
the ad some sort of proof I want to
demonstrate and then finally just a
quick CTA in terms of call to action but
the majority of my effort is all on the
50 or so hooks that I'm going to write
40 of which being recycled versions of
things I already know work and 10 being
new and this sounds boring and it is
boring but it's also what works and
believe me I have tried to change this
process a lot of times like this works
let's say that you have your a mega
winner and these happen and this is
where you get this is the this is power
law like that top 5% makes 95% of your
income like you we run all these ads to
figure out which is the one ad that can
sing and just crank and print money and
so what I do is I I use something that I
call the collidoscope process I've never
heard anyone El sell it so I'm owning
that title all right and so the cloudex
process this is how you do it is that
let's say you've got a winning ad so I
had an ad at gym launch that actually uh
the now president kale made when he was
a customer um of him in front of his gym
the gym being full and his wife's next
to him and he's like you know 6 months
ago I was working a full-time job in
order to pay rent at this gym and my
wife was pregnant and we had a and I had
a two-month-old and I had no idea how I
was going to make ends meet and then
here we are 6 months later the gym is
full it's completely outsourced and I've
already got an offer for $2 $150,000 on
the gym if you've ever been worried like
take the jump just follow the process it
works right it very simple ad but it
murdered it absolutely crushed and so
rather than say wow okay well that was
nice let's try and do that let's try and
get somebody else to see that we took
that we squeeze the living life out of
it and so here's 10 things that I did to
get more out of that ad so one is I
changed the color of the backgrounds if
I can do that right or backdrops is
there a way that we can record that ad
with a different background or a
different background color like if you
have a green screen second is are there
different props that we can introduce
that at all right so can we show stuff
can we can we show visuals or we can
show physical props three can we just
reenact it just say hey kale can you
just do it again just literally do the
same ad different T-shirt If you want
same exact thing just do it again and if
you're the one making the ads you just
do your best performing ad again you can
four reorder it so we took the ad that
was already the original winner and we
just re rechanged the order up of the ad
and it still converted the next thing we
added visual filters so think black and
white think sepia think High contrast
low contrast these are all different
things that made the ad look different
than it was but it still delivered the
same message the next one is visual
effects right V effects like dudads and
and whizbangs and things like that that
you can add again make it look different
the next is changing fonts and captions
so it's like if we had a font style that
was one way we just change the way the
font style looks another is that you can
change the pacing or the speed of the
video itself you can actually do it at
1.2 or 1.5 and have it go through or
slow it down at portions you can add
music to it um there's another one right
you can also also use the same hook
which is like we knew the hook from that
first ad obviously crushed and then just
say hey re-record it again we'll use the
same hook and use a different back right
and so all of those are different ways
that will take a winner and then 10x or
100x how much that winner gets us and
I'm telling you if you if you take one
thing from this video from advertising
squeeze the living how out of the
winners so Market advice number six is
that there is only four ways that you
can let other people know about your
stuff and so think about this like a
four box you've got one to one
conversations and one to many which is
broadcasts right those are the two
styles of communic either communicate to
a group of people or one person
individually and you're either talking
to people who know who you are or you're
talking to strangers and so if you cross
that you've got four ways you've got one
to one to people who know you one to one
to strangers one to many to people who
know you one to many to strangers and if
you look at that in terms of what that
is in advertising it means this is warm
Outreach cold Outreach making content
which is one to many to people you know
and then running ads which is one to
many to strangers and so there's the
only four things that you can do to
advertise to let people know about your
stuff and basically if not spending your
day doing one of those core four things
you are not advertising you are not
marketing your business and so sometimes
it gets you have to get it to that
simple when you look at how many hours
per day am I spending letting people
know about my stuff most people spend
zero zero zero per day letting people
know about their stuff and then for some
reason they're curious as to why their
business isn't growing well no one knows
you exist I was at a conference I was at
jimc con recently and I asked the
audience who here wants to grow their
gym faster everybody raised their hand
and I said okay and these are all small
businesses so these are most of the guys
here are doing I would say $500,000 a
year to $3 million a year so these
aren't massive businesses these are
normal you know one location three
location five location uh owner
operators of service-based you know
training businesses and I said okay who
here is spending the first four hours of
their day promoting their business
either doing cold Outreach making
content or running ads who is spending
the first four hours every day on that
literally no one in the audience had
their hand raised and I was like this is
why you're small like this is it like it
was mind-blowing to me that that was
what it was and so if you're if you're
making less than call it a million maybe
$3 million a year like all of your
effort the the first four hours of your
day which if you have to wake up early
awesome if you have to stay up late to
do it awesome I don't care but you need
four hours that you're dedicating
because you got to you got to do the job
of promoting and then you got to run
your business but if you're just running
your business you're never going to get
ahead so if you want it to grow you got
to force it to grow you have to force
people to find out about your stuff and
you do that through advertising I
recommend this so violently because
small businesses need to do more and in
the beginning they just don't get enough
leads so fundamentally like most
businesses if you just had more leads
you would make more money
now realistically and I'll get to some
of the some of the specifics on this is
that in order to get more leads you need
to be able to do so profitably which
then comes back down to the business and
building the business back to front we
advertise front to back we build the
business back to front and I'll get to
lots of details on that in a second but
big picture you just need to get
especially when you're starting out
you're at 500 a million you know Less
Than 3 million and those are big numbers
so I don't I don't mean that to demean
it but I want you to build massive
Enterprises that make huge
impact you have to get more flow through
the system so that you can learn how to
improve the product so that you can
build a better back end and then you
basically you promote and you stay at
that level of promotion until you tweak
this and nail it then you go back and
scale it and so one of our sayings
internally is nail it then scale it so
nail the back end you do enough
promotion to get flow in right then you
monetize then you create friction that's
when you tweak the hell out of it and
then you can go back and say hey turns
out we can spend five times more to get
customers then you scale so I'll give
you my quick back of napkins scaling
framework for this so when you're at 0
to six figures you sell one product to
one avatar on one channel that's it no
shiny object no multiple channels no
trying to scale yourself out of it
you're just selling one product to one
Avatar on one channel when you go from
six to seven figures you scale you sell
one product to one avatar on one channel
consistently because in the beginning
you're super volatile right you're not
you're making a sale this week not next
week then this week again or then next
month whatever it's super volatile when
you get to Seven Figures it's more
consistent you just you you get it to be
reliable so when you go from Seven
figures to eight figures you go one
Avatar one channel two products that
means you have an upsell you sell
something else and then you do that
consistently right that's what gets you
to eight figures that's what gets you to
10 million bucks a year and if you want
to go to you know multiple eight figures
then you start going two channels one
Avatar two products consistently and so
over time this is how I've seen I've
just seen this pattern now can you find
somebody who disobeys this pattern sure
ag1 has one product one Avatar a zillion
channels right so yes there are ways to
break this rule but when I look at by
and large the vast majority of
businesses they follow this structure
and they mess up along the way until
they follow the next step and you'll
notice that scaling up to eight figures
and even sometimes a little beyond that
you're still only focused on one Avatar
and I'm going to talk about this in a
lot of depth in one of the later advice
points because it's super important and
this may be one of the bigger unlocks
you could have in the business Market
advice number seven State the facts and
tell the truth this is probably one of
the most repeated phrases besides volume
negates luck that I have internally to
my business and so I remember when I was
at that same little Meetup with uh the
super creators and I was I was talking
to the guy who had the the most you know
subscribers there and I was like yeah
you know like we don't really like this
whole clickbait title thing and he
looked at me with disgust he was like
you absolutely make clickbait titles he
said you just back it up with truth he's
like so it's crazy click baity he's like
but it also happens to be true and I
remember when he said that to me I was
like that's that's real and it's
funny because that was a concept that I
have in terms of uh paid ads but I
hadn't thought about it in terms of
content and so it's so interesting how
some of these principles just apply
across across domains but like sometimes
you have to relearn the same lessons
which I hate doing but I did it anyways
and so the problem is that most
businesses don't track results and it's
because if you don't track you don't
care now they don't track partially
because if they it's kind of like
ignorance like they know they don't
deliver good results and so if they
track it then they'll have facts and
truth that they will be proven that
they're delivering bad results but the
first step is tracking it because once
you start tracking it you can improve it
and measurement as intervention is
actually a scientifically proven method
to lose weight to improve sales to
improve anything you want you can
literally simply tracking it not trying
to do anything else but simply tracking
your weight simply tracking your close
rate simply tracking your ad performance
will improve it because you're just
putting attention on it and so if you
don't track you don't care now once you
do start tracking it you can start doing
things to actually improve it Beyond
just measurement as intervention and so
when you do that loan and behold your
stats get better and then you can State
the facts and tell the truth and have
that truth be wildly compelling and so
Real Talk part of the reason that Jim
launch to this day has still not been
beaten or dethroned as the the the
largest company in that space is because
we still have better stats and better
results than anyone else does the
average gym who goes through 12 months
of gym launch makes over a 100 plus
thousand a year an added profit by using
the systems we have that's just what it
is and so like if someone if it makes
sense for somebody to Triple their money
then they make the they make the the
purchase right it's it's I like to take
a lot of emotion out of the sale like if
this makes sense for you if this return
makes sense for you then do it if it
doesn't make sense then don't do it now
the risk they take on is what about the
bottom 20% and so the nice thing is that
we track that so the bottom 20% averaged
$40,000 in additional Revenue so they
basically broke even and so it's like
that's the bottom and so like if if if
that's you then it's like yeah you
worked and you basically broke even that
kind of sucks now I'm not talking about
the top 20% because this gu had 500,000
plus per year but the thing is is that
if you track the stats then you can
promote the stats and you can do so
truthfully they go from unsubstantiated
claims to substantiated claims like one
of the things that I'm most proud of in
school uh school.com which is the
platform for people who are trying to
start their businesses this video is
mostly for people who already own a
business but if you're trying to start a
business um 3.44% of people who finish
their first month make their first
dollar online like I'm super proud of
that and we just rolled out this massive
new thing um to basically make it even
easier even faster to do it right now we
have 35% more people actually succeeding
there so I think we're going to be at a
little bit over 40% now um so I'm super
stoked about that but like unless you
measure like if you don't track you
don't care here's the Tactical steps
collect data first so you implement a
data step where you collect data from
people day one day 30 day 60 day 90 at
the end of the program or whatever your
implementation is you track data
throughout number two is you keep
improving things until the data becomes
compelling and number three is how do
you actually present that data so
there's four variables that matters when
you're presenting the data number one is
the percentage of people whether that's
the median the average or the percentage
overall of people that's number one who
two achieve X outcome three in ytime or
after X attempts and four under Z
conditions and so it's like we get x% of
gyms so it was whatever is the average
average gym so right average gym owner
makes an extra $100,000 per year in
profit so that's the outcome after their
first 12 months in gym Lords or Gym
Legacy which is the the program that we
have at gy launch right and so those are
the conditions right and so it covers
all four of those so when you're making
these you want to you want hit all four
of those things when you're explaining
the data publicly and I will say that
the fewer conditions you have the more
compelling it is because for example if
I said uh the average gym who spends
$10,000 a month and has 10 employees and
uh has two two methods of acquisition
and a large group training and a small
group training achieves that like by the
time I even get that you're like
whatever right and so you want to you
want to strip away and really like I
would rather have a fewer condition
statement that has lower results me
personally than a higher result one with
more conditions marketing advice number
eight say what only you can say show
what only you can show and this is one
of the other isms that I have internal
to my business and so if you're the only
triple black belt in Ohio for Mu Thai
then say that you're the only triple
black belt in Ohio for Mu Thai right
this is talking about the things that
you have done rather than telling people
what to do it's how I versus how to and
so my my concept for making amazing ads
and making amazing content is two steps
do epic stuff talk about what you did
and so you can out outcome people or you
can outwork them so it starts with the
outworking and then the outworking
creates the out outcoming and the out
outcoming is a much shorter headline but
the outworking them still works right I
can start by saying hey I uh I I wrote
These two books writing two books would
be an outworking thing like anyone could
do it there's no outcome but hey I wrote
These two books but then if the books
are good then I get the outcome which is
that we sold over a million copies
they're still number one and number two
in marketing to this day multiple years
later and so the idea is that first you
do the work and then you get the outcome
but most people want to say epic stuff
having done none of it and so you can
get past the Judgment of other people
because you're not saying hey you have
to do anything I'm saying this is what I
did and so the idea is that everybody
wants a return on their time all right
and I remember hearing this first
concept from arak who's a a YouTuber and
he said dude I made this thing where I
went on 100 dates in uh basically I did
an entire season of The Bachelor but I
did it in 16 minutes he's like what a
steal and he said that to me I was like
man such an interesting concept like he
just took something that was really long
and made it really short and he crammed
it in there so value per second was
super high and I'll just give you this
one is that it's not about seconds of
value it's value per second that's what
matters like everybody has access to
infinite information so you just saying
I'm going to give you more stuff is not
helpful what you want to do is curate it
and pack it and distill it and
crystallize all the value in as tight a
package as unly possible so that their
value per second skyrockets and you can
do that by saying hey I spent 10 hours
editing you know uh you know I spent I
spent 20 hours making a summary of This
Book and you can read the whole thing in
10 minutes that's why summaries still
always work right because people want to
get a deal on their time if they get the
same result for a fraction of the time
it's always a good deal by the way if
you ever want to sell to rich people
just promise the same result in half the
time for twice the price and even if you
think about video overall it's like well
I spent 13 years doing all this stuff
and I'm trying to compress those lessons
into whatever amount of time this video
is certainly less than 13 years and so
this is a great deal for the right
person for the right business owner
who's actually trying to scale so how do
you actually do this so if I had an
marketing agency showing what only I can
show I want to demonstrate and so I do
say hey I'm going to get you leads what
I want to do is get on a sales call and
I'm going to play with a live lead that
I got for one of my companies one of my
clients sounds like and I'd be like hey
listen to this call it's a minute long
do you think you could how could you
take 50 of these a month wow so much
more compelling than say I'll just get
you 50 leads they're actually getting a
a fractionalized version they're getting
a taste of what it looks like to be in
the future right they're experiencing
the result vicariously through the other
person and fundamentally that's what a
good testimonial does is they they put
themselves in the shoes of the person
who got the result and then they account
they they put a discount on that and say
okay how How likely is that for me and
that's what I'm willing to pay now if it
were guaranteed then all money-making
opportunities would be worth it because
hey if you spend $1,000 to make $100,000
a year by buying this course then
everyone would buy it if they knew for
sure it would happen that' be an amazing
deal the problem is that people apply a
discount to it because of how unlikely
it is for them and so we want to
increase that likelihood by showing them
rather than telling them right and so
agency example that was that one the
software example that I have is this is
why demos are so effective right you
want to see this hey you have a a video
clipping software great do you have a
video on you cool send it to me we're on
the phone great I'm going to pull this
video up this is what we do to put the
captions on and and shorten and find
those moments click click click click
click okay so normally how long does
that take you well it takes me this long
well watch me do it click click click
wow would that make your life easier yes
cool boom they go in right you're
demonstrating in advance and I'll give
you a final one when I was at my gym in
Huntington Beach my first location I
ever had I remember this I had a door to
door sales guy who came up all right and
this guy was a clear S pro he was really
good um and he sold me cleaning
productss he really did like it's it's
probably the only door to- door thing
I've ever bought and it was just cuz it
was such good it was such a good sale
and he had it down it's so tight I think
he was in and out in like 13 minutes
like it was stupid and so he just said
hey I've got this stuff it'll take care
of any stain that you've got on this
floor and I had Turf and so I had gum
that had got in the turf it was really
black and like gone in there and so he
just took that thing and he poured it on
the gum and he just got on his hands and
knees he scrubbed it and it actually
came out and the gum was actually
impossible to get out and I was like wow
like he I didn't have to think will this
work for me he just did it in front of
me on a stain I actually had he's like
cool looks like you got 20 other stains
if this is worth it it's 100 bucks for
this stuff so I paid a 100 bucks for
some cleaning supplies but it was
totally worth it right and I ended up
using that stuff for actually Years cuz
I had to you sold my huge
gallons of it right um and so again it's
whenever you can and don't say oh this
doesn't work for my business try and
imagine how can I make this work for my
business show them what what they will
experience and do it in a way that no
one else can do it and so for example me
I the reason I say like do epic stuff
and then talk about it is that you
continue to live life every day and so
things continue to happen and so you can
use the things that happen that you're
doing as the content that you're making
and the content will always be shorter
in the amount of time it took for the
thing to happen and so we have a
portfolio of companies and so I share
case studies on this channel of like hey
here's how we added 40 sales guys here's
how we you know increased you know we
cut cut refunds by 2/3 here's how we XYZ
it's because we're doing stuff and then
we just talk about what we did and so
the key Point Step One is do stuff and
then step two talk about it everyone
else is stuck in the step where they
don't want to they want to figure out
what to talk about but it's because they
haven't done anything if you do stuff
you have more than enough to talk about
marketing truth number nine how and when
to expand your Market there's five ways
now big picture the vast majority of
people need to do way more with their
current market so just to give you
context on this I had a guy who came out
to a workshop and he said hey I uh I'm a
coach who coach coaches right I was like
all right fine and he said I'm spending
you know I'm making two million bucks a
year it's a really saturated space so I
think should I go broader to General
business and I was like dude how many
coaches coaching coaches exist he was
like zillion and I was like dude I think
you just need to get better because if
you were the best coach of coaching
coaches then you would be able to take
all of the market share that all of
those guys have and it would come to you
right Winner Takes all if you're the
best and so just to give you an example
and this is the one I gave him I said
gym launch everyone knows there a gym
company but you don't know how Niche it
really is so one we didn't work with
personal trainers number two we didn't
work we do now but we didn't for the
first four or five years work with big
box facilities so large you know
facilities where you pay you know $10 to
70 bucks a month to have access to those
the pool the rocketball thing the cardio
area the weights basketball whatever we
we didn't work with them at all I call
this facility leasing we didn't use
those we didn't work with yoga we didn't
work with spin we didn't work with
Pilates we literally only worked with
micro gyms that did before and afters of
weight loss and Transformations they had
to do Fitness and weights or some
combination of those that was it that's
a niche of a niche of a niche and that
business still cranks out 30 plus
million dollars a year all right and so
the idea here is that you want like the
market if you are the best is still
massive you just need to solve the thing
that matters most which is being the
best now if you have solved being the
best there's five ways that you can
expand and so I'll tell you what we did
because Jim launch has expanded I told
you now we do do big box but there's
five ways you can expand one I think
about it like a pyramid so let's say
you're in the middle you can go up
Market meaning you go to higher value
customers so for us that would be health
clubs the big boxes like our I was
talking about multilocation owners or
franchise ORS those would be going up
Market more valuable but fewer of them
like the pyramid on the other hand you
can go down Market I could go after
personal trainers I didn't go after them
we don't go after them but if I wanted
to that would be a move that I could
make I would have to sell a lot more
volume at a lower price and build the
infrastructure to support that kind of
volume I could go adjacent which would
be okay I've got gyms I'll do
chiropractors I'll do or I've got gyms
and I can do weight loss uh clinics
right or Med spas or something like that
so something that's adjacent that serves
a similar Avatar but a slightly
different business model that would be
adjacent and the fifth way you can do it
is that you actually go narrower so that
was the fourth way so the fourth way is
you can go narrower which is say Okay
instead of all gyms or just micro gyms
that service uh before and afters I say
I only do you know uh ones that do
weights or I only do ones that only do
cardio right or I only do boot camps or
I only do semi-private like I Niche down
even more the alternative is that you go
broader and I say anyone that's in
health and wellness and so those are the
five ways that you can spend you can go
up Market you can go down Market you can
go Jason Mark you can go narrow or you
can go broad now despite me saying these
five ways of expanding and everyone gets
their juices you know their jollies off
by thinking about how they're going to
expand most time I'm going to start with
that original story which is that you
can make 10 20 $50 million a year just
serving one very specific Avatar and the
vast majority of businesses this is
including portfolio companies that we
purchased I would say I would say more
than half the portfolio companies we've
purchased we did this exercise and we
made the Avatar narrower we got more
specific not broader I learned this
process from Vista private equity so if
you don't know who they are they're
hundred billion plus private Equity one
of the most successful private Equity of
all time they focus on software
companies and I talked to their head of
pricing and packaging and he gave me
this one line and it changed my life and
he said you want to know how we get the
crazy returns that we do and I was like
yeah obviously I want to know what you
guys do now obviously they do lots of
things but the one thing that he pulled
out he said we just know the company
that we're buying customers better than
they do and so we get we go into the
data room so whenever you do an
acquisition there's something called a
data room you put all the data for your
business in there so people can analyze
it and make a decision about whether
they want to invest and so we go into
the data room and we analyze all their
customers and we say okay we order them
by who pays the most and who's worth the
most and we say this is the 20% that
does 80% of the revenue and what they do
is they look at what channels those
people come in on what offers what
marketing those customers do and they
basically stop doing the rest of the 80%
and then they expand that 20% to be 100%
of the business and so by doing that
they can have the same siiz business but
5x the revenue and arguably even more on
the profit and so just power law the the
prto principle 802 and they just apply
it to the customers and so right now
this is how you do it for you is you
look at all the customers you have up to
this point you look at the top 20% and
you say okay what do these people all
have in common and so I like to think
about this in terms of psychographics
what do they think Geographics what do
they live demographics what do they look
like and then I would say like actions
like what have they done or what did
they do to get this result and so when I
look at each of those frames I try and
eliminate as many variables as I can so
I get to two or three variables that
that Clump all the best customers
together and then I make that in my
marketing and I tell my sales team we
only sell these people going forward
because I know that these people are
worth five times more 10 times more and
then guess what's able to happen we run
ads for those people and then our LTV
skyrockets so we can spend more to Aire
customers and this is what allows you to
scale by going narrower and so the
problem is that most business owners
can't say no to fast money and so they
never get the big money and so I had two
companies that came out for a workshop
uh that we had and um one they're both
agencies it was a very simple example so
one was a generalist agency they just
did anybody who knocked on the door they
would they would take their money the
other one just did Professional Services
so that's Legal Financial Insurance like
those types of services and the the
generalist guys I said okay you have
this big list of customers I'm sure that
there's a Subs segment of those
customers that you do exceptionally well
with they're like oh my God we crush it
for it people and I was like okay cool
so what percent of your customers are
those they're like 8% I was like but are
they more profitable about percentage
he's like oh by a mile they're by far
the most profitable I was like okay so
if your entire business and they were
really string in terms of infrastructure
they're like super stressed out you
could see it I was like if your whole
business was just those do you think you
would like that business and he was like
oh my God that would be a breeze and I
was like well then we can build that
business and so that means that from
here on out you only sell those people
and over time the slight the percentage
of the pie that's those customers is
going continue to increase until
eventually you can cut the customers
that are not your main thing and then in
a year or two years you've completely
transformed your business to something
that's been productized you get really
efficient you get even better at it
because you only serve those customers
you get better at acquiring them get
better servicing them you get higher
margins and you actually like your life
and so the same happened with the second
agency where I said what are the
customers you have and they're like
actually we're really good at
specifically family law attorneys so
like divorce attorneys and they had all
these other things I was like but
divorce attorneys you're really good
with they like yeah I was like then just
sell divorce attorneys and because the
thing is if you just sell divorce
attorneys it's a multi-billion dollar
pre- industry like there's no reason you
can't do $100 million a year or $200
million a year just selling those people
and the same with the it so the idea is
like people start taking on more avatars
because they think that's what's
necessary to grow but and I've said this
before but but better creates bigger
bigger creates bloat and so if the goal
is to get bigger you want to focus not
on getting bigger but on getting better
and then getting bigger occurs growth
occurs as a result growth is not a goal
growth is an outcome of inputs and so
I'm telling you like it took me a very
long time to understand this so I'm I'm
trying to get like every entrepreneur
has this ego goal of like I want to hit
this a month and I hit that a month and
I hit that a month but the thing is just
that you don't want to make the income
the goal if you do it gets really hard
to get out of that game because
sometimes you take the wrong steps you
artificially inflate revenue and then
you increase cost to sustain that
Revenue but it was the wrong strategic
move and but then you can't go backwards
you stay in the cycle forever you don't
want to do that you have to think okay
how do I make the core thing that I do
better because fundamentally If This
Were twice as good as it is now would I
be bigger yes because your customers
would demand it you get far more
leverage by doing the same thing a 100
times than doing a 100 things one time
and so the vast majority of businesses
especially when they're starting out are
doing a 100 things one time rather than
the same thing 100 times and you get a
hell a lot better when you do something
on the 100th time and so that means that
you drive up your operational efficiency
you drive up your gross profit you get
better at your acquisition because your
marketing messaging your sales scripting
the results that you can promise all
those things get better and now you're
competing in a smaller pond so you can
dominate everyone but when people think
small pond they think that somehow that
means that they're not going to make a
lot of money like I said gym lunch makes
a lot of money and it's in a very very
very very very narrow Niche and so you
just got to be more specific most times
and break the limiting beliefs you have
around the idea that like okay well I
just need to go from you know I've
saturated chiropractors right I've I've
saturated this with $2 million a year in
revenue of course not right every single
other business that exists that serves
your customer the fact that they're
allowed to be alive and breathe shows
you how much opportunity you have if you
were better than them number 10 provide
value now everybody talks about
providing valueable what does that even
mean all right so in in this book I talk
about something called the value
equation it's probably the most cited
chapter in this whole book but I break
down what are the elements of value and
so there are four number one is the
dream outcome which is what does
somebody actually want so if I were to
offer like uh Daniel who's behind the
camera right now I said hey you can get
in shape or I can make you a million
dollars right making money for most men
is more valuable than getting in better
shape and so the relative opportunity or
the relative outcome will dictate how
much money you can charge that's why in
general B2B offers are higher ticket now
there are also fewer people who buy
making money than people who buy
consumer products so you have about
on10th so 9% of people are business
owners uh so you have a much smaller
Market that being said does this the
size of the market really matter based
on the thing I just said probably not
but again number one is dream outcome
that's what differentiates now let's say
you have got two products that offer the
same solution so let's say the the the
the weight loss example or the getting
shape example if I have a PDF for that
and I've got a lipos suction both of
them promise the same thing which is
that you're going to get in better shape
you're going to lose weight okay well
then why is Lio suching so much more
expensive than a PDF that I could buy on
the internet for 20 bucks they both
promise the same outcome well there's
three other variables so variable number
one is the perceived likely of
achievement or the risk associated with
the purchase so risk would be the
negative perceived likely of achievement
is the positive and so we want to
increase the perceived likelihood as
much as possible so if we had that Lio
section and we've got one surgeon who's
his first day out of medical school and
we got another surgeon who is done
10,000 surgeries which of these guys can
price higher well obviously you'd want
to take the 10,000 one even though it's
the same procedure and the same outcome
the perceived likelihood of you actually
getting what you want the risk
associated is lower and so you're
willing to pay more for that guy because
he has more
experience the third variable of this is
time delay the equal opposite of that is
speed how quickly between when someone
buys and when they get the promise that
you
now if you do lipos section it's like
great you make the purchase then you go
to sleep and you wake up and you're thin
very very condensed which is why it has
a lot of value right whereas if you have
to do all this eating and this
exercising and not drinking and changing
your diet and all this waking up early
and being sore all this like there's a
lot of there's a lot of there's a lot of
delay there in terms of how much time
and effort it's time specifically it's
going to take to get the Alem you want
So the faster it is the more valuable it
is and then finally you have effort and
sacrifice or equal opposite ease how
easy can you make it and so if you're
trying to think about this in in in
simple terms it's how risk-free can I
make it how easy can I make it how fast
can I make it and is the thing that that
I'm promising the outcome that I'm
promising something they actually want
and so if you have all four of those you
have something that people really want
they have no risk of doing it it comes
immediately and it's easy it's easy as
pushing a button you've got an
incredibly valuable thing and so when
people say add value what you want to
think about is what does my customer
what does my avatar want to accomplish
or what do they want to avoid so you've
got towards good stuff and away from bad
stuff and so you say okay I can help you
avoid this bad stuff risk-free faster
and easier than otherwise and the dream
outcome the good stuff same thing again
is how can I help you get that good
stuff faster easier and risk-free and so
every time you make content or every
time you make a PDF or every time you
make a lead magnet whatever it is or you
make content the whole goal should be to
be useful the whole goal should be to
provide value and you do that by helping
them achieve their goal which hopefully
with this video I'm helping you Market
better your business by making it risk
you don't have to make the mistakes I
did get to your goal faster and get
there easier so the easiest way to think
okay got it well how do I find the
problems that people are suffering from
so that I can make it faster easier and
risk-free for them great question so one
is any comments that you get in in
response to content that creates more
content this is the endless content
wheel it's like you make content people
have questions about the content you
make content about the questions they
have questions about those questions the
good thing is that problems never end
and people never stop complaining and so
as long as people stop complaining
people have problems you're always going
to have problems to solve which is one
of the nice things about being an
entrepreneur you like Humanity if if you
told us hundreds of years ago that we'd
have the internet in our hands and we'd
have air conditioning and Wi-Fi and all
this stuff we'd be like oh my God all of
our problems are solved but we have more
problems now than we did before because
we're more aware of the problems that
that we didn't know existed before and
so whenever you solve a problem you
create another one it's the problem
solution cycle that never ends and so
one is you can look at that the other is
you can look internal to your business
which is what are the what are the
things that people struggle with
internal in terms of implementation for
whatever the thing that you do is
whether it's a product that you sell or
a service that you sell there's some
friction points along the way and you
think okay what are the friction points
and how can I make it easier number 11
is a fairly well-known marketing saying
give away the secrets sell the
implementation the way that I think
about this is make your free stuff
better than their paid stuff and that's
an easy ISM to say but the real real is
like you actually have to think if I
give away something for free I have to
be willing to charge for it and if you
were willing to charge $100 or $1,000 or
$10,000 for the thing that you give away
for free my God must that be valuable
yes and what that does is it increases
the likelihood of conversion increases
the likelihood the person consumes the
thing and then buys the next product
because what a lead magnet is or what
content is it's a complete solution to a
very narrow problem and that's
fundamentally how I think about this a
lot of people are very afraid of giving
away value but you shouldn't be give
away all the secrets give away all the
things that you do and then if someone
wants help with implementation they can
call you up and this allows you to
provide value to the masses build your
brand up and then they use results in
advance as an approximation of the
results they're going to get after they
purchase all right and so even when
you're Marketing in terms of making
content I like to think of being okay
with narrow Because deep is where the
dollars are all right so let me tell you
let me tell you a couple stories about
this so there was a lady who I just
recently met who was doing just $
million a year in profit profit from
5,800 followers on Instagram she had no
other platform she sourced 100% from
Instagram and this blew my mind I mean
like I say this stuff but having having
that level like it was such an extreme
example of tiny audience big money it it
broke my beliefs even further than I
already had them broken and when I
looked at her page here's what's crazy
it wasn't like she had crazy deep
engagement either it was like the post
you would get would get you know one
five maybe 10 comments on a great post
and she would get you know 10 likes 20
likes 30 likes if it was a crazy one but
100% of her content was about how
registered dietitians can more
accurately Bill Insurance to make more
money it was a niche of a niche it was
literally like registered dietitians who
Bill insurance and how to Bill Insurance
more effectively to make more per hour
that was her offer and that's all she
talks about her cheat sheets are on that
and she talks about different Insurance
uh companies and how to build each of
them the codes that you go that you plug
in like like all this jargon I had no
idea when I went to the page but for her
Avatar I'll bet you that of the 5,800
people that follow her 5,700 of them
were restor dietitians who were trying
to find out what they needed to do to
make more money by building insurance
and so she was selling 5 to 10 uh little
cheat sheets a day at like 99 bucks plus
two to three High ticket people per week
into her thing into her Association of
reg dietitians that followed her process
for billing and so I say this because
I've also learned this personally we
used to make some wider content for
about six months we did this we did this
experiment we got the data back it
turned out we got lots of views but we
didn't get lots of business owners and
so we switch back to hardcore business
stuff which I love anyway so I'm very
happy about the experiment and because
of that all of our stats are up so we
have more opt-ins more people buying
books more people you know going to
workshops whatever it is more people
apply to the portfolio so we can invest
in their companies all of those stats
were up despite the fact that the
general views per video went down and
again I'm here for the money not for the
fame and so I encourage you if you can
break your attachment to the ego metrics
like the likes and the views and things
like that and just focus on the bottom
line just get really specific on the
Avatar that you want to serve and make
content only for them that's useful so
I've got a buddy of mine who runs a
multi9 figure Pere uh marketing company
and he makes content online he has a
personal brand and he was like oh dude
my personal brand makes no money he's
like but and he goes Super in-depth
tactical like stuff he's an SEO and so
all of his stuff is like how how to make
SEO content blog content things like
that and his content gets like so few
likes and engagement and he has like
charts and graphs and all this data
support all he does he's obviously
really really good at this but the thing
is is his lead quality that comes from
him he's like they're all Fortune 500
Fortune 100 CEOs Executives that are
like hey you obviously know the stuff
can we just hire you and that's exactly
what he wants he wants he he makes it so
complex he gives away everything and he
says it he's like I give you could just
follow all my stuff and do it most
people are like man this is too much
work and so they can I just hire you
which is an exceptional way to get
customers so here's how you do it in
three easy steps one is you just give
away your best stuff give it all away if
you have a low ticket thing that sells
to lots of people and have a high tiet
thing I would encourage you just give
away the low ticket thing too you're
probably not making that much money on
it anyways and those customers are
probably paying the butt so just give it
to them and you can even show hey I used
to charge for this I'm give it to you
for free because I love you all right
and by doing that you make an
exceptional thing and you put really
heavy uh effort into followup and calls
to action within the within the content
itself all right so within the thing
that you're giving away you have ctas
and you follow up with your team to try
and to send them in the next thing if
they're qualified and I'll give you a
pro tip on this when you want to make
the CTA make it about personalization
not about more instead of saying hey if
you want more stuff like this go here
say hey if you want me to help apply
this stuff to your business or apply
this stuff to your body or this stuff to
your life then let me know it's
personalizing it because that is
significantly more valuable than just
more stuff and what's crazy is that a
lot of people use the things they give
away as an afterthought it's the last
thing they think about but here's the
crazy stat is that 99% of people who
consume your free thing will never buy
from you which means that your
reputation is getting made by the 99% of
people not the one 1% and so if you want
to improve your reputation in the
marketplace make sure the stuff that you
give away for free is awesome also make
sure the stuff that you sell is awesome
and if both those things sound like a
four-letter word which is work welcome
to business and so I talked earlier
about going up Market or getting
narrower on the Avatar that you want to
serve a lot of people have down cells
and I think over time I've gotten less
and less into having down cells and more
along the lines of like if we have a
lower Avatar and we're downselling 10%
of calls into this thing that's paid if
10% of people are buying something
that's on10th the price cuz it's a
downsell then it's going to change my
Revenue by 1% I don't really care it's
not even worth the headache I'd rather
just give that away to hundreds of
people for free because if the cost is
free way more people will consume it and
then get a higher percentage of people
to buy my next thing and I allow my
marketing messaging to attract the
higher quality customers so this allows
me to go up Market or narrower and give
away all the other stuff so I can create
my more qualified customers the amount
of businesses that I know that one that
we've invested in or do that we've
helped simply make way more money by
just giving away the thing that was
their big headache that was a low ticket
thing just so that they could focus on
serving the best customers most times
you'll make money going up Market
marketing advice number 12 all
advertising works it's just a matter of
efficiency I'm really I like I want to I
want to drill this down people so the
amount of time I've said Facebook ads
don't work for us Google ads don't work
for us Tik Tok ads don't work for us
Direct Mail doesn't work for us radio
ads don't work for us content doesn't
work for us Outreach doesn't work for us
fundamentally if you have a qualified
person on the other side and you make an
offer to them that solves a key problem
for them if you can get them on the
phone you can make money period so if
you can rephrase the problem is I don't
know how to make Facebook ads work for
us I don't know how to make Tik Tok work
for us I don't know how to make content
work for us I don't know how to make
Outreach work for us then that becomes a
problem that you can solve now this is
really important so I talked earlier
about optimizing your advertising from
front to back and that's true but when
you optimize a business you optimize it
from back to front and so the back the
LTV how much you make per customer
enables how much you can spend on the
front end and so you optimize the
throughput on the front end obviously
because that's where you can get the
highest returns but the engine that you
can spend on that depends on how much
you make per customer and so you can
either be really really really
exceptional at lowering CAC or really
really really good at increasing LTV and
if you do both you have huge Arbitrage
and that's where you make Stupid Money
And so let's go through hypothetical
let's say that you sold something that
was a billion dollar thing okay if you
had a billion dollars in gross profit
that you'd make from one sale you could
reach a lot of people on Earth and just
to give you context on this if I wanted
to become a aess celebrity uh I've back
calculated what I believe it cost to
become an aess celebrity it was about
$50 million and the way that I
calculated that was I thought what
person went from complete obscurant so
no one knew who they were obscurity to
omnipresence or some like that everybody
knew and so the simplest example are
people who were noname actors who become
the star of a big Marvel hit and so what
I did was I said okay how many of these
have I seen what was the movie budget
now you have to divide that by the other
characters in the show or the in the
movie and between the big Blockbusters
where we had you think about like uh The
Hunger Games girl I can't remember her
name right now but that girl like the
marketing budget for those types of
films you think okay with $50 million
she went from no one knowing who she was
to being famous and so for $50 million
you can reach so much of America and so
I use this as hypothetical because if
you had something that you sold for a
billion dollars you could spend that and
still make 20 to want and so the idea is
yes we optimize our advertising from
front to back we put our effort on the
front but in terms of where our our our
LTV comes from we work from back to
front so that we can spend more on the
front end a big problem in terms of
efficiency is that often times if you
are if you do start running ads
profitably for example you reach some
sort of ceiling you're like hey we can't
we can't get past $1,000 a day hey we
can't get past $10,000 a day hey we
can't get past $100,000 a day whatever
it is right usually it's because the ads
that you have aren't good enough to
reach the next level of awareness so
Eugene Schwarz in breakthrough
advertising talked about they called
five levels of awareness and so they go
from unaware somebody has no idea who
you are what the problem is or anything
they're just unaware the next level is
problem aware that's where you see ads
that are like having trouble sleeping at
night do you have back pain when you
lean over like things like that they ask
open-end questions that make someone
aware of the problem underneath of that
is solutionware have you tried this
before have you tried this before this
is where someone knows the solutions
that potentially exist then you have
product aware which is them advert you
advertising your own product like okay
have you tried like my product before
and let me talk you about this and then
finally you have most aware which is
usually past in existing customers and
so there's a five levels of awareness
and so most times smaller advertisers
beginner advertisers get returns
marketing to most aware right if you
email your list or you make a post or
you send out message an email right
those are three most aware people so you
can make sales from that for almost no
money one degree above that is like okay
well other people in the market that's
product where they're looking they're
looking for something uh to solve a
specific problem right uh and they're
aware of the options that are out there
and you Market to them so you have to be
a little bit better to Market to those
people than to just your existing
customers now if you go one level above
that right solutionware is that they
know that there are people who are
solving this problem they don't know how
they're solving the problem they know
that there is a solution that exists and
so you have to have another order of
magnitude Improvement of your ads and
the hooks to call out those people and
so most times the problem isn't that
your Market isn't big enough it's that
your ads aren't good enough and they're
not specific enough to hit this next
massive trunch of the audience and I say
this with our largest company um in the
portfolio is about $100 million a year
and we spend millions of dollars a month
in advertising and we go to the most
unaware people we go to people who have
no idea that uh you know this product or
this problem exists we actually have to
make them aware of the problem and then
we make them aware of the opportunity to
solve it and then we have to make them
aware of the problem we have to take
them through all the stages of awareness
in a very short period of time and that
is comes from a very well-crafted ad and
so I have this saying that I have
internal which is that the size of the
plane is directly correlated with the
length of the runway the bigger the
plane the longer the runway and so if
you want to sell a very expensive thing
or you want to to sell a very cold
person so the price and the the coldness
or how aware the person is so the
longest sale possible would be someone
who's completely unaware for a very
expensive thing right the shortest sale
possible would be someone who's very
aware for a very cheap thing and so the
amount of Runway the amount of selling
the amount of advertising that you have
to do to get someone through these
stages is directly proportional to those
two things and if you're having trouble
scaling it usually means that this is
mismatched you're trying to you're
you're sending a warm message to a cold
audience or you're getting people on the
phone who aren't prepared to SP
a huge amount of money they haven't been
warmed up enough and so it's making sure
that we're hitting each of these boxes
for the audience that we're starting to
Target and so as you go to a new trunch
of let's say you go from solution Weare
to problem Weare so it's it's a bigger
area right and so think about these
concentric circles like a pizza like the
area of the pizza you know like a pizza
that's this big if you could take an
inch off it's almost the same size as a
as a 2-in pizza in the middle like the
the diameter circumference whatever that
is I probably failed geometry the point
is is that um it just gets bigger and
exponentially bigger as you go out
and
so this is a weird visual that I have
for this but if you think about a
watermelon slice and at the tip there's
lots of seeds and as you go down there's
fewer seeds but you still have to pay
the same amount to reach all these
eyeballs to find the few seeds versus in
the beginning when you have lots of
seeds so your density of sales per
thousand eyeballs goes down as you go to
more unaware people because you're going
to go to people who just simply don't
care and never will care but you have to
and this is where the LTV matters so
much and the optimization matters so
much but you still if you can be
profitable in a larger trunch that's 10
or 100 times as big that's when you
start really printing money right and so
if you have call it 20 to1 LTV to CAC in
the beginning when you have lots of
little seeds lots of density of
potential buyers because it's really
warm really problem Weare or really
really solution or product Weare right
like really high-end as you go down you
might drop to 5 to one in the middle you
might drop to 3 to one at scale but
you're at a 100 times the spend and so
in that case you're still making way
more absolute return on the investment
another way to think about this is like
a golf of course and so if you could
only putt then you're going to only make
6in putts that's only the top Little
Seeds of the watermelon but think about
how much more area if you learned how to
drive and you learned how to hit a three
iron I'm not very good at golf you can
obviously tell then you hit learn how to
hit a wedge there's so many more shots
that you can make if you have these
other skills in Your Arsenal and so
think about each of the levels of
awareness as another club that you have
to learn how to hit so that you can get
more balls in the hole from any part of
the course marketing advice number 13 we
need to be reminded more than we need to
be taught and I think this is one that's
going to break a lot of your beliefs and
so I'm I want to really emphasize this
one because it's
important once you start making content
once you start running ads and you start
putting stuff out publicly you start
advertising you're going to get to a
point where you're like I feel like I've
said everything that I was going to say
now remember you continue to live life
every day you continue to do stuff and
you can talk about what you did so that
can break that but my mom said this to
me once and I I always I always
remembered it she said the news never
changes just the names and I really
thought about that it was like the
there's always a rape there's a war
there's a murder there's a car accident
like the actual story doesn't change
only the names and so if you think about
that with content like there is no new
content like The Human Condition has not
changed for thousands of years like the
older the problem the older the solution
and so we are making content and we're
putting stuff out there and when I think
about myself the things that I follow
like I follow philosophy Pages because I
I'm okay rereading epic titus' stuff
like I read his stuff before and I read
it in quote form again and when it comes
up again like to be reminded I like to
keep this stuff top of mind that's why I
follow those pages and many people
follow your pages for that exact same
reason is that the stuff you talk about
is stuff that they want to keep top of
mind they want to be reminded of that
stuff and getting taught is much more
difficult than being reminded but
they're equally valuable because if it
changes their behavior then you still
did teach them again you just reminded
them and what's crazy about this is that
like the friend show right now if you've
ever heard of it is being watched more
now than it was a few years ago so
reruns like people watch reruns because
there's Nostalgia or whatever reasons
you want to pick to it but people are
willing to rewatch the same thing
because they know how it ends they know
they liked it and so you can make the
same thing again because also your
audience who's new a year later hasn't
seen that thing and so if you make
something new to them even though it's
quote old or reminder to your existing
audience your existing audience doesn't
mind their reminder and the new people
never saw it to begin with and if you
want to have different ways of creating
variety even around the same topics I
would would encourage you instead of
thinking of getting into Trend hacking
and talking about the news talk about
your news so it's about what are the new
things that are happening now this is
the do epic stuff talk about what you
did and so this is where we tell new
stories to explain the same concept
because for that specific audience
you'll reach a different type of person
or different Avatar that still might be
within your Market with a story about a
mother and a daughter versus a father
and a son versus a military vet versus
uh a small business owner right there
are different avatars and you can tell
the same story but it happens to a
different name just like the news and
people still watch the news every single
day and then what we want is them to
watch our news you can tell the same
concept like the value equation the
value equation I explained in my book I
also have a course on my site that I
explained the value equation in a
different format so think about it in
terms of formats this is written I have
an audio I've got videos that on my site
that in a course format I'm mentioning
it here now I have it on whiteboards
that I've explained it I've applied it
to Services I've applied it to education
I've applied it to uh physical products
I've applied it to software and so you
can take the same idea and think how can
I display it in new formats new mediums
and new contexts and so when you have
that and then you extrapolate on top the
news of your life even though you feel
like it's saying the same thing the
amount that it takes to create something
novel is very small and so I'll tell you
the story that I think will wrap this up
it's the story of Henry Ford and so
Henry Ford had uh in his office he had
his marketing person right next to him
so he walked past the marketing
Department over and over and over again
and this is back in the day when they
like they didn't have computer screen so
it was just like they had mockups and
like big posters and things like that
for whatever their next ad campaign for
a new Ford car was and so he walked past
this guy's office for three months at
the end of the three months he was like
hey John when are we going to stop
running this ad I'm so sick of it and
John the marketing director looked at me
he said we haven't even started running
it yet and the thing is is that we get
so much sicker of our own content before
our audience even remembers your name
and so the thing is is that we assume
that every person consumes every piece
of content you ever put out we put out
50 plus pieces of content a day I'm
grateful if somebody watches one a week
right and so the idea here is that like
you put out significantly more but we
have this assumption that everyone's
paying attention and no one is and so we
put out tons of volume with the hope
that we catch one person on that one day
and you might have make I might have
made four things about the value
equation actually you can give me good
feedback so this will be good if you
haven't heard about the value equation
whatsoever in my content up to this
point drop a comment because I want to I
want to prove that this even though I've
talked about it in a zillion formats
some of you guys didn't even know how to
book right um like people need to be
reminded more than need to be taught and
for those of you who don't know the
mission acquisition. comom is to make
real business education accessible for
everyone and I spent the last four years
plus making content and hopefully giving
away all the stuff you need to scale
your business and I love getting the
messages and the stories that we do but
it would mean the world to me if you
just shared this video with another
business owner who that can hopefully
compress 13 years into however long this
video ends up being uh to save them all
the scars and so they can just have the
lessons thank you